You
I
Used to on extreme was excellent today definitely was was excellent
You
You're very sweet to call these lectures we haven't been lecturing in a while we are just we're studying
We are studying together ladies and gentlemen trying to figure out what happened what's happening
We have
Stop lecturing a while ago
Not that we won't again, but
We did stop a while ago because you know we we there's a lot of a lot of introspection and
retrospective and
archiving and
You know
Hindsight is 20 26 Jones next
It's going on French British Italian
Sometimes the way forward is
People everywhere are making sure you remember where you've been
It's embarrassing
What better way for a swimmer to disappear uncle Stewart, why did you do it well?
I guess he can explain it to the sheriff when he gets here. I bet you kids are starving
So it's that's for me
What's this Scooby boos was here the whole turkey
You
Good evening ladies and gentlemen, this is Giga home biological high-resistance low noise information brief brought to you by biologists
September 29th
And we're going to take another look at how this limited spectrum of debate has been carefully crafted
By the people
Yes, so very excited very very excited to get my voice a little bit of a break tonight
Good evening ladies and gentlemen, this is Giga home biological high-resistance low-noise information brief brought to you by biologists
My name is Jonathan Cooley. I'm broadcasting from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
It is the 29th of September
2023 and it is date night with Robert and Jill Mark and Cheryl
I don't want you to take the debate on TV and social media, please don't
And make sure that you're constantly aware of the ease with which
fooling around on social media can inadvertently
Result in you taking the bait. I apologize
It is already late here in Pittsburgh and it was it's still Friday. This was a work day
We're still trying to take down this Scooby-Doo this idea that we've been fooled into food to
Bob
Figuring out what this mystery is who did it who done it who's responsible
And I think that pivoting around on this
This idea. I think it's really fun sometimes to consider
The concept that you know, let me see if I can adjust this. I don't know if this is on already or not
I think it is
It's it's interesting to adjust this concept in your head and to understand that a sort of chaotic
2020 was brought together into a sort of divided but relatively organized
debate a
Divided debate where people were like oh my goodness. What a crazy idea that this virus came from a laboratory
And then on the other side
Almost a mirror image of people who were like crazy idea
It's the only thing that makes sense
And it's it was such a weird parallel between the way that the people who watch Fox News
Think about the people who watch CNN and the people who watch CNN think about the people who watch Fox News and
The to think that the people within this
Obvious cognitive trap
We're completely wholly aware of the ridiculous nature of their their circumstances and still we were stuck in it all of us
And it's especially evident when somebody points out people who can't think straight when trial Trump is in the conversation
But it actually also happens with lab leak and with vaccines and with climate change
with abortion with gay marriage with
Transsexual and transgenderism whatever you call that stuff
There's this
You guys don't get it
You guys don't get it kind of attitude that is really spectacular in the way that it is completely severed
the way
that we
Think of ourselves as a nation and the way that we interact with one another as fellow citizens. It is extraordinary
I don't think ever before in the history of America hasn't been so clear
clearly divided in a way that you almost can't shake hands with certain people and
That's really it is quite frightening if we think about it, but I actually think that the lies
And it is the lies
And I think we might even find out that the lies go way beyond the lies about immunology
If it was only that they lied about the causes of respiratory disease
It was only that they lied about all cause mortality
It's only that they were just lying about our immune response to a disease or they were just lying about vaccination
But think about all the other things that you know that they're lying about
And think about all the things that they're able to do for all the lives that they tell when just for these four lies
Behind me. They were able to do all of this
For three years straight
Completely fooling a planet
And what this should wake you up to is the possibility the potential
For governance around the world by what is essentially lies
Why let things happen and then have to put out fires when you can start fires and put them out
Or when you can claim that there's fires and you have the solution for never having fires again
You see this is the kind of governance idea the structure the the concept of fifth generation warfare
It's a bad it's a bad name
Fifth generation governance is what it ought to be called and that's what's happening here. It's fifth generation governance
They are fracturing their citizenry
cognitively into groups which by definition
Can't reconcile their differences because they're asking the wrong questions as Mark
Coolack said so nicely earlier today
We have been tricked into asking the wrong questions. We've been tricked into solving the wrong mystery and
In so doing we accept all the premises of said mystery all the premises of said question
And that was what keeping this debate about gain of function or whether it could be accessed in cell culture and animal passage or whether you could stitch
viruses together or not that whole debate
If you accept the premise of that debate, then you accept that there might be a reason why you need to give up your sovereignty
for permissions
There might be a really good reason
if you accept the premise of this mythology and
That's again what the sculpting of this debate was to make you know Sam Harris make you feel dumb for thinking that there might be a gray area there
For Jordan Peterson for making you think it might be dumb that there would be a gray area in terms of taking an RNA shot for this
That all of these people on this screen more or less made it a gray area as to whether you should do
anything but listen to the government
It would be ridiculous not to
What did Jordan Peterson say fear as I might
For our loss of rights and liberties and what this means
you
Don't have
Principles in an emergency, then you don't have principles
Said Alexandra's marinose friend of Brett Weinstein on the Brett Weinstein podcast
If you don't have principles during an emergency, you don't have principles
and
What our governments around the world have shown in unison
In perfect synchrony is that we don't have principles during in a declared emergency like one like this
And now you can see who has principles by who's willing to tell this story from beginning to end
Who's willing to start from the beginning and start at the beginning all the time?
Anybody who doesn't start at the beginning all the time in my humble opinion is not playing your straight
a
Very good example might be the fact that the United States government sent your son over to Iraq
And your son was over and served in Iraq for ten years and over those ten years. He was injured
He got cancer
He's mentally ill
He hits his wife
and
He shop-lifted
And so the government comes to your house
And says, you know, your son is a pretty big problem because you know
You don't seem to you don't seem to understand that he's shoplifting and all this other stuff
As if that's you know the whole story
If that's really what's going on here
Not the denial of his VA benefits
And so if somebody comes to you and says man, I can't believe how we're here and you know this
This whole thing is just nuts. The shot is just terrible
The shot is killing all these people. I get it
Don't you get me wrong? I get it
But don't let people focus you on all these people that are being hurt by the mRNA shot
And let you forget that for two years
Ladies and gentlemen and certainly for a year and a half
This was wholly a fraud
About shifting money shifting power and worse than all misleading the young
Misleading young people about the existence of and the appropriate response to
RNA viruses RNA molecules in nature
Think about how ridiculous it sounds if you just substitute the word from virus to molecules
Which is really not that big of a substitution
Virus has a few more proteins
So just call it that then protein coated RNA
You are misleading the young about the appropriate response for detected
Protein coated RNA at best. That's the best you've got
Here when you describe what these despicable people have done and
In order to describe the depth and the breadth of the despicable nature of their actions. You must not forget any of this and
Everybody who's leading us back down into the cave
Tricking us into following them back down into the cold dark cave
Those people aren't talking about this stuff
And it's mostly these people
Definitely all the people at the bottom
But a lot of the people up here all along this red triangle
Because none of them are questioning the protocols the spread or the variants
And that's really the trick
If you accept this model of
Of worldwide virology, you know, like Monday night football
Then then no
You can't escape
The whole justification for this unified governance in the world in the next years
Is going to be largely climate change and the worldwide virology web
And
So i've been trying to find ways to say this succinctly to people. I think
Transfection is not immunization works great if you know what those words mean
But if you don't
It might be easier to say intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb
Um
Silly misguided
You know choose your word there
Misguided doesn't really fit at that font size and I want to change it all so, you know, whatever
If you're offended with my word choice, I apologize sometimes it needs to be blunt
We've been trying to figure out how these pieces fit together how these people fit together
Why it is that certain people
seem to amplify certain other people but ignore other people
And uh, yeah
A lot of the the the the people that have risen
Um
You know as the pot has boiled
The stuff that has risen to the top. Um
It seems to be that the
the first
What is it?
The first gnocchi that rises up from the from the boiling pot are these four guys every time we
Start to make dinner and think about okay, let's
Who was crafting and and guiding this narrative in 2020 and 2021?
It's just a really weird mix of people
That all end up talking to and about each other
Throughout the pandemic as they each
Have entered the scene
And so I find it very extraordinary to follow these tracks and
one of my favorites, of course is
So I found a video called wine country conversations and it's an archived video from them. I believe
In
I've had a hard time verifying it could be 22, but it's may
2023 on bitchoo as far as I can tell
And we'll just listen in because again, I haven't heard it
But the reason why I chose it and the reason why I saved it on my list was because it's Jill and
Robert
Unstage and I really like to watch them and listen to them together because
It's impossible to miss
The intellectual link between them and I'm not talking about, you know, the twinkle in their eye or that they've been in love since they were in high school or
They're in they
They're shared thought of their horses at home. I'm talking about
This idea of how
Focused
They are
When they go into public
As
Public speakers
Call them performers call them
Call them
Orators, I I don't know what they are if you as a married couple if you just think about it
If I think about myself and fearless
Going on stage to talk together or or be present together
Even if I was going to go teach immunology and she was going to sit up there on stage
What kind of
Thing does that say about what's going on there?
What kind of message are you sending? And I think it's a very interesting one because again
most of the time
We think of Robert Malone. We see Robert Malone as sort of self touring ball by himself guy
but in reality, it's him and Jill
and
Jill and Robert write a lot of the sub-stacks together along with their staff of 40 or 50
English major soldiers or whatever it is that produces all of those articles
I guess they're writing while the soldiers are working in the barn and feeding the emus
but
it's a
it's a real jogger knot of
information
and messaging coming from
Robert Malone's sub-stack and all of the appearances that he makes and you might not be aware that Jill Malone has made a few
Solo appearances that I've also logged in our guide
So we have a lot of work to do but I thought this one was a really interesting one and because I knew that there was a date night tonight
I thought I would choose this one because this is date night. So
Anyway, I'm going to give my breath a rest
I
I'm not sure how to figure that out, but we'll figure it out. Don't worry about me. I'm not going to
Kroke or something like that. Here we go
So this is the setting right look how cool this is and they're both going to have microphones
So you might think at any moment there would be a
A stage handle come out with like a pair of guitars and they're going to sit down and start singing
It would be it would be the classic of all classics, wouldn't it?
All right, y'all well
I am just as excited as you are to welcome our first speakers of the day
Yeah, you may know him as the doctor who broke the internet on the joe rogan podcast and
Yes, that deserves a round of applause
Or the scientist who invented the m rma vaccine technology and you've probably seen some of his famous beaches from rallies and conferences around the world
Um, and you know what I was testing test test testing in some rap videos lately. So
I think that's pretty exciting. We have the mule. Oh, yeah, she said rap videos and stuff. Did you hear that?
That's pretty funny
Which is from rallies and conferences around the world
And you know what I was just told that he's even been starring in some rap videos lately
So because that makes sense, right? If you're trying to save the world
From from going overboard using a technology that they shouldn't trust
Using a technology that's been rushed
What better way to do it than to be in some rap videos, right? I mean it makes perfect sense
if you have to choose between splitting your time with news appearances or
rallies like this one or
or podcasts
I mean, why wouldn't you choose to spend hours on a set for a for a rap video or even 20 minutes
Why not?
I think that's pretty exciting. We have the music thing in common
um, dr. Robert Malone is a scientist physician writer podcaster commentator advocate and strong believer in our fundamental freedom of speech
I have my notes here
There's so much I don't want to forget anything
Okay, and then dr. Jill Malone is a specialist in public policy and biotechnology
She is the co-founder of several biotech companies and has held positions in academia and has an extensive publication record
That's a weird list of things to say
I thought she had like a
Her degree is not exactly in biotech or biology or whatever is it? It's what the hell was that
Wrong believer in our fundamental freedom of speech
I have my notes here
There's so much I don't want to forget anything
um
Okay, and then dr. Jill Malone is a specialist in public policy and biotechnology
She is the co-founder of several biotech companies and has held positions in academia and has an extensive publication record
Um, she currently shares writing responsibilities for dr. Malone's sub stack, which i'm sure you've all read
Which reaches almost a million people per day
From their high school days in here in california and sanabarbra to breeding lucetanas on the east coast and simultaneously trying to save the world
Uh, then melones have worked together as a dynamic team for decades. I think so they're trying to save the world
I'm just going to briefly reduce this the crickets annoying if they're annoying. I can change them
um
Just to give you a taste of what we're talking about here
So
So it's different as you know that with equity comes
Class please welcome the new student robert
Welcome robert
Well, thanks for the warm welcome teach it's lit no cap take a seat
It's something in each and every one of you
Are you surprised to see him in this video too? You didn't think he was a good guy, did you?
Oh
Okay, we're not gonna do that. I'm sorry. I didn't wanna
Didn't even want you to have the hint
That you thought that maybe we were gonna do that. We're not gonna do that
I just thought it was you to see the beginning of that to realize the extent
to which we've been had
Okay, that's not something to be laughed at or sneezed at
Somebody who's trying to save the world doesn't do that
Okay
I think it's just so cool. Please help get me a warm wine country. Welcome to doctors robert and jill melon
Give him a warm country wine country. Welcome for supporting
the unity project has really
A risen from california because of what you've all been subjected to i'm just trying to adjust the volume here
Even before it existed the founder founding investor jeb hanson
Actually called me out of the blue one
Jesus jill and i maybe they malayle just in a trip to monry bay
To visit our younger son who lives in davis. She'll get louder in a minute go whale watching to jill's great regret
um and
And i had been just to tell the story i had been really suffering
Both with long covid and with post-vaccination syndrome
And just a few days before
long covid
Long covid and post-vaccination syndrome. I mean did you hear that
He is
He had he had the first case of covid on the east coast and he was at the super spreader event
at some boston conference
And he had long covid then he had post-vax syndrome
Or we traveled out here
uh to um hang out with our son
Meryl nast had visited the farm to carry together with mary hall and these are two of the leaders of children's health defense
See i think it's 10 22
Good chat and mary had said robert what you need to do is take some
ivermectin
and
And so she prescribed it and you need to do is take some ivermectin
And so she prescribed it and
I started taking it immediately before we went out
And up until that point joe can attest it was hard for me to do farm chores
I usually cannot work a 20-year-old because i've been we've i think this is our fifth or sixth small farm
And as as i think you said you were suffering first from long covid and then
vaccine injury the post-vaccination syndrome and uh so I started taking ivermectin and it stunned me
I out height our 20-something sun
uh along big surf did he report this on the
Brett Weinstein podcast
I honestly don't remember him saying this
I remember him saying maybe that he took
He took the shot because he thought it might help with long covid that there was rumors on the internet that it might help with long covid
So he took the shot, but it didn't help
But I never heard that he took I never heard that he took
Ivermectin
And then uh he could out hike his son
Wow, that's interesting. Isn't it?
That's interesting. I thought he took pepsen or something and I was like oh this stuff clearly works
Um, and it was only like two days in right with the treatment. He was it was amazing the response that I had
Wow now I know
I know he didn't say that
Because they started the Brett Weinstein podcast with
Robert Malone was safe because he had been twice vaccinated and infected
Steve curse was safe because he was twice vaccinated
And Brett Weinstein was safe because he was taking ivermectin prophylactically if ivermectin
Had cleared Robert Malone's long covid and post vax syndrome
in two days
Then he would have been able to say that on the Brett Weinstein podcast because on the Brett Weinstein podcast
He was speaking of both his shots and his long covid
as being kind of more or less in the past
Do you hear this?
Please tell me hear it because this is really happening right now. We just opened a treasure chest. It's crazy
I'm going to move this g up. I think I pushed it down the other day because and then I relapsed and I took my words and
Face was then recently. I've completed the uh, flccc recovery protocol
That uh palmeric and pure cori have come up with and it's it's really helped me out. I'm not making any medical advice
Um, but i'm not licensed in the state of california. I think so now he's saying that the flccc protocol also works
So
So this has to be 22
Unless he was really talking in the past 10s a few minutes ago
Again, this with this interview is the video is posted in may of 23, but that would be june july
august
It would be before my my
My family went to the netherlands this summer. So I guess it's possible
It's possible that it's from this year
But then I really don't think he's telling the truth here
He can't be telling the truth here if he's going to say that he took ivermecan within two days he could hike
And that that was a wonder drug in that then also by the way
I also completed the treatment
Of the flccc protocol and that also works great, but i'm not giving medical advice. Wow. Did that sound slimy
Oh, man
That sounded so slimy. I think this is our fifth or sixth small farm
And as as I think you said you were suffering first from long covid and then
Vaccine injury. Yeah, the post vaccination syndrome
And uh, so I started taking ivermectin and it stunned me. I out height
our 20-something son
Uh along big serve and I was like oh this stuff clearly works
um
And it was only like two days in right with the treatment. It was it was amazing the response that I had
and then I relapsed and I took more and uh, then recently I've completed
the uh flccc recovery protocol
That uh palmeric and pyracori have come up with
And it's it's really helped me out. I'm not giving you medical advice
Um, but i'm not licensed in the state of california. Thank god
um
But um that's but so so we're we're hanging out
um in this a little kind of
Old, you know california has all these old motels
So we're hanging out in this uh monoray bay hotel
Motel
And I get a phone call
from this guy, jeff hansen
Out of the blue
And he says
Robert, I really like what you're doing and I want to support you and i'm going to wire
I'm not even going to say the size of the check
Into your bank account
And I was like at that point we were just you know scrapping to make ends meet
We'd been doing everything based on our own cash flow
Uh hadn't had any support or anything
And suddenly out of the blue this guy calls up and says he wants to donate to us
And that was key to basically me being able to continue to
Be a free agent and just speak truth and travel. Yeah, yeah and in the travel and then then um
There was a rally here in california and a bunch of mothers came together
And who would that have been do you think that was curse
Who gave him all that money?
Hmm
It's strange to me
And he certainly didn't need the money. I mean he's pretending as though he doesn't have any money
I'm not really sure that it can be true. It's possible. I guess but
I don't know. There's something fishing here. We i'm sorry. Um, yeah, the mama mama bears
I've been saying this all the way through mama bears are what's going to save america
um
and
And that is what gave rise to the unity project was a a protest I think here in orange county
Uh in which a lot of these mama bears came together and they said we're not going to stand for this
And um, that's that's what gave rise to the unity project and it still continues
I think the unity project right now is in the middle of a fundraise
Trying to get enough to get a matching grant
laura sextra who's the leader now
Hasn't shared with me who's providing them
matching funds or what the terms are but
Um, that's that's I think why we're here
And I I thank you very much for your being willing to support the unity project
And its mission which has been very much about your children
And and they've kind of morphed
From the vaccines and the vans vaccine mandates to really, you know medical freedom and then that's just a subset
It's really about freedom. Um, that's the truth of it and freedom and children and protecting children. Um, yeah
Absolutely and protecting children and now we're seeing all of these additional threats that we never expected
Um that are coming out of these various afeperts at social engineering through influencing our children
Which you know when you when you talk about the um
Peds transgender stuff. It's not just in america. It's you know, nick hudson our friend
Who's a south african data?
Now he said a panda
Panda the same stuff is happening in south africa the same stuff is happening in europe
This is a globalized
Synchronized effort and it's really scary. I think that's one of the most important messages
We can share with you is what last year we hit over 400 000 miles on commercial air
Plus the privates. I'm traveling all over the world trying to help with the freedom movement and
I'm bringing truth about the jabs and early treatment
And one of the things that has been the most stunning I think to both of us
Is that what we've experienced here in the states and you certainly have been at the tip of the spear in
In california and experiencing these policies
And I jill warned me not to trash california too much
As as was said we're california natives. Okay. I was born in paul walto in the old stanford hospital. She was born in
Uh van eyes in the old ucla hospital. Um, we grew up in galita
Uh, we're high school sweethearts from dos pueblos went to uc san diego and uc davis
Yeah, so so that's our we're we're deeply rooted in california and we're now california expats living in virginia
And and we'll just leave it at that. I don't have any problems with water
And I like to say
Um, if I don't mow it a tree grows
Um, so that's that's a little different from around here
But but the truth is that california is you all know has an uphill battle
You know, it's not about california
It's about california and politicians and and what's happened to the state. Yeah, and in the point
I was trying to get towards is
What was stunning for us is these policies that were deployed in the united states were deployed globally
In a harmonized synchronized way. I've never seen any i'm a veteran of multiple outbreaks
This is kind of my business
People there's a cadre small cadre of people that are kind of outbreak junkies
And they get the calls early on like I did on january 4th of 2020 saying okay
We got another problem. We got to get going on this blah blah blah
And you know, now we know the whole military
Biodefense complex behind that and there's a dark side to all of that. I didn't really know about
But I have never experienced anything like this with a censorship propaganda
Um, the control of information and really the fifth generation warfare or what matt tabie called today hybrid warfare
In a fascinating essay from was it rebel news?
No, it was not it was racket racket racket news
So that's on sub stack. I really recommend that and we did
We post it through our own sub stack. So if any of you are subscribers to ours, you know, and by the way
You could be it's it's free. You don't have to pay. This is not drifting
Um, but uh, they put out a fantastic article with an intro from matt tabie
that of of the twitter files fame
Um that lays out all of these organizations that have been set up that form this new
Uh censorship industrial complex that people have been talking about
So that is absolutely something for you guys to check out
But the the stunning thing is like you remember all of the artists
All the comedians that were all basically paid
Um to put out the propaganda of the pro vaccine, you know, we've got vaccine all that
Oh, by the way, micky wilson's next, uh video is going to be coming out in just a couple weeks check that out
um
Uh, which includes a lot of russians getting those, you know film clips from a lot of that
Do you hear what he's doing right here?
Boy, it was really painful
He's trying to tell these people that do you remember the people on social media and all the all the hollywood stars saying hey
We got vaccine or
Hey, get the vaccine
And we do remember that we do
But
Leading people by the nose to that part of the of the narrative
Doesn't lead them back far enough to see that there were the same people
And more
Seating the narrative about the novel virus and the fact that it could be a worst case scenario
And what that worst case scenario might be
And that the seating of that narrative allowed
There to be a rollout of the vaccine that needed hollywood stars and people on tv and
And late night talk show host to dance about the vaccine
And that wouldn't have happened had there not been a year earlier
a
covert and overt campaign
To make people believe that there was a novel virus spreading around the world that either came from a bat cave
Or came from a bat cave and then into a laboratory and then out
That
That's spectacular because he's not going there
He's not going to tell you that they hyped it up from the very beginning and that they used
Things like remdesivir to make it seem like the virus was really deadly
Because naive young doctors applying the protocol that they were told
Was the protocol that they had to follow
That
That person has covid and kidney failure
They don't think about what they've been giving them
Ladies and gentlemen, this is the magic spell right here. This is the enchantment in spades
And I really think it's from may 2023. It's from this year
This is how they've done it
Again, the car is speeding so fast that you can't see all the details
Especially because it's such a nice car and your seat is such luxurious love of leather
And the smell of the driver's cigar is just right
Or the driver's pipe as I would prefer
I mean ladies and gentlemen listen to these masterfuls
Masterful storytellers knowing exactly what the faith is and how to proselytize it
That happened across the world in a heart
And so pointing at propaganda that's not propaganda
Pointing at propaganda that is propaganda rather but not the propaganda that got you there
Is asking the wrong question
Who hyped up the vaccine?
Who's responsible for this vaccine?
Who did the vaccine?
Completely ignores a whole year where people said that who you could have asked who said this was a novel virus
Who said this virus was deadly?
Who said that remdesivir would work?
Who said that ventilators was necessary?
Who said that we needed more ventilators?
Who said we needed that damn ship?
Who said we needed mandazalam given to people in
in care homes
Who said we should give all the old people the vaccine first?
Who said we should treat all the most vulnerable with the vaccine first?
Who are responsible for the first year and a half of this pandemic?
Not who's responsible for the year and a half after that
First things first
Harmonize simultaneous fashion
All of that so for instance we were traveling
in vienna one of the capitals of the arts and particularly music in europe
and
We were brought there by people that were really part of the resistance within vienna
So they had an underground resistance because they were all locked down
They couldn't they were not allowed to congregate they couldn't there's no way they would have been arrested if they had a meaning like this
Okay, and what what had happened was that one of the kind of bohemian
Hangouts for artists, etc
in downtown
paper over all its windows with craft paper
and
started holding
surreptitious evening meetings
And and just get together say we're just meetings they were you know
They continued on with with their business surreptitiously, which was highly illegal to just have people come and hang
So we connected with these people when we went there to speak for a couple of events
And what we learned was that at the same time that all the artists and comedians here in the United States had been purchased basically
To put out the propaganda
The same had happened throughout austria
It throughout vienna basically all the artists and musicians
Were all paid right off the bat to promote the jab
I mean, I've never seen anything like this in my life and it still boggles my mind
Who you know this this the big question is who's the puppet master right?
What what is the organization that has that much capital and that much organizational capability to deploy what we have been subjected to
For the last three years and I don't know the answer
Oh my gosh, what talk about it what?
but
that
Complex I want you to think about that. He says I don't know the answer
Let's listen that one more time and I'm going to explain to you why that is ridiculous and it's going to be very easy
It's going to take me like two sentences before you're going to be like oh wait
Yeah, he does that to promote the jab
I mean, I've never seen anything like this in my life and it still boggles my mind
Who you know this this the big question is who's the puppet master right?
What what is the organization that has that much capital and that much organizational capability to deploy what we have been subjected to
for the last three years
And I don't know the answer
And I don't know the answer he says
What if I were to say Robert Malone
If anovial would have been chosen as the primary vaccine candidate or one of the primary vaccine candidates
Who would have chosen anovial and how would it have been brought to market?
Who would have brought it to market?
Do you think he could have answered that question? Do you think Jill Malone could have answered that question?
Because I think the answer to that question is the same answer
as who did this
And he pretends like I don't know
They did call me and tell me you know to spin up my team and so I went
and drove my
Honda Civic with
Four non-matching wheels and one missing corner panel
To ditra headquarters and spun my team up who were all volunteer guys
We lived on submarine sandwiches
And stale soda
While I was creating a you know
Nothing big. I mean like an x-ray crystallography model of the
3acl protease, but you know, it's no big deal and then we were running it past, you know
All the known drugs
The FDA approved drugs. What's that Robert Malone? What did you say? Uh, we were running it past all the drugs in the world
What?
We were running it past all the drugs in the world
Like all the FDA approved drugs and pharmaceuticals
What were you running past that?
My model of we were matching using i.i. You know
a computer generated model of x-ray crystallography of the
3acl protease
And then we were matching
Computer generated models of all the substances the FDA had approved
That's a pretty big database, isn't it? Robert Malone
How many substances is that?
How long did it take you to do that to make a model of the of the novel virus
and its
special protease
um
How long did it take you to make that x-ray crystallography model and then make out a
a suitable interface for this database of
of substances
Um about three weeks about three weeks you're on it
I have hypotheses if we talk about it in the book
but
That
Complex
Whatever that is whatever those those puppet masters are whatever they're doing
They're still out there and they're still doing it and that we can the good news is that we can now see it
The good news is that I mean always looking for silver lightings
I hate doing these
Meetings and talks and stuff and it's just down down down. Oh this horrible thing. Look what they've done too. Nice. Lisa doing just now
It's just so is that Simon says
But just to say it, you know, we all know it goes beyond covid. Lisa Simon says
The origins of covid whether it's you know, um anything that you want to say against the Ukrainian war
You know, um the slightest criticism nor stream nor stream. It's it's all getting censored now
You know and propaganda
Everything everything in is you know here in california. It's all being done algorithmically
They want to do it now with ai
We're we're in an information battlescape. This is what it is. I talk about fifth generation warfare. It'll be lecturing
Um as I say matt how you be calls it hybrid warfare
I call it fifth generation governance because it's not warfare. It's just governance
And the trick is is that he's telling you you'll never figure out who it is
And i've been told by the way by the anti-defamation league i've been called a anti-government conspiracy theorist
Because I talk about fifth generation warfare
Uh the administrative state and what's my third sin?
Um
It's administrative state fifth generation were fair and I forget what my third crime is
My third thought crime, but but basically this is established technology. It's been in the literature for years
It's taught within dod
There was a dod operations army our operations manual that was put out in the 90s about deploying this
And we've had
folks within syops units that were
um retired come up to us in these rallies and say yes, what you're saying is absolutely true
This is absolutely what's going on and i'm mad as hell about it because basically we built this suite of technologies
During the cold war to counter what was truly the most
incredible syops capability in history a man which was deployed by the soviet union
And we had to have something to counteract that
And then instead of having as bobby kennedy said the other day in boston instead of having a
A dividend from the end of the cold war. We pivoted to the middle east
And we started foreign adventures there, right?
um
And what one of the things we did is we deployed these syops units
In the uk deployed the 77th brigade and there's syops units in canada in mousieland, australia
We deployed them against our foreign adversaries in the middle east
And every day this these capabilities get stronger and stronger more and more personnel more and more government contractors
Because that's the nature of the beast. That's the way things work in dc
Okay, is you can never kill a program. It just they get they have it like this organic thing
They just grow and grow and grow and um get more and more funding and more and more lobbyists
And so then we had the failures in syria iraq, afghanistan
I mean, I argue that we have never won a fifth generation warfare fourth generation. Yeah, um
Going back to the vehicle
Okay
And we lost those battles functionally
And covid came along and they deployed those capabilities as part of the whole of military response
And i'm sorry to say it for those that are america maga folks
But it was mr. Trump that declared the whole of military response
And that included deploying those syops units against the civilians which really started though. It started in
2016 when um obama softened the anti-propagation propaganda act which said that they could not deploy propaganda on the american people and
Congress passed a law that um very much softened that act that was passed in 1948
And that was what really opened the door to syops on the american people and and the logic is you've heard it
You've heard mr. obama speaking about this again and again. I'm not coming here to trash the man
But you heard it at stanford at the hoover institute when he gave his lecture
In order to preserve democracy quote unquote right we and those of you that are constitutionalists will all point out
We don't actually have a democracy right so i don't want to i'm sorry. Did he just say trumped in it?
I think he says trump did it with that argument. We have a republic
Okay
But
The logic that's been promoted is in order to preserve democracy
We have to have censorship we have to control information
And and basically it is it is a total upside down, you know, we're all living in upside down in clung world anyhow
Um, it's an upside down argument that the first amendment has got to be jennisoned in order to preserve democracy
That's where we live right now
And they absolutely want to continue to reinforce this and is this article that just came out documents. We have was it 10 50?
he lives he listed 50
NGOs
government organizations that are actively pursuing censorship and propaganda and he goes through with
Details on who's funding them what they've done
Um where they operate it's it's quite an amazing piece in the racket. It's very long. It's almost book length
So that's that's you know, I've come to the point and I think we've come to the point. Yes medical freedom is important
and um
The the rights of parents to educate their own children are important
Um matias desma just put out a great article about the efforts in the netherlands
Uh, the state is advocating that they should take over child re mandatory schooling starting at four years old
So children have to go to mandatory preschool and kindergarten because parents are not adequately trained to raise children
Okay, and I guarantee this stuff that's going down there in europe is going to be coming on shore here on the side of the Atlantic
Very cuz it's all driven it literally. This is not a conspiracy theory. It is absolutely all driven by the world economic forum
Okay
And and the world economic forum and everyone says oh look at dalos look at the wealthy and supposedly he never heard of that before
before merrill and
And mary holland and other people explained it to him
That's the story that I heard
I mean before this all started he had no idea
Who the wef was or that there was some global governments or where you know, whatever
Apparently he'd never heard a seppie or anything right. I mean, how could he
Obviously heard of those those organizations
He's given a talk at the who
But i've been told by multiple people that the story goes that the horse farmer robert malone
part-time contractor
Study section leader
Curator of billions of dollars in nih grant money
And broker of vaccine technologies between countries had no idea what the wf was
Until a few people told him at when when he got started in this all speaking out
That's how naive he was that's what we're supposed to believe
The people partying it's not about that. Okay, this is this is the puppet over here
The world economic forum is the largest it's a trade union of the largest transnational corporations in the world
And in 2019 they signed a extensive strategic agreement with the united nations where they're now helping to fund the united nations which
you know
That makes them kind of a partner when you give somebody money then you can take away money
They absolutely seek to become the world government and that this is you know, we have an experiment that's happening
You know right before our eyes in world governance. That's never happened before where we've had corporations
You know, which is basically fascism. It's corporatism taking over the world governance. It's just scary scary thing
Yeah, so let's talk about that just for a minute
And so if this is going to happen realize people that somebody's got to break it to them
Somebody's got to break it to everybody on earth that this is happening
And break it to them in such a way so that they react but they don't react
They get upset, but they don't really do anything about it
So that they react by asking the wrong questions
And
So you're going to find more and more and more voices on the internet
They're going to start to tell you that it's really happening. They're really doing this
But they're not going to tell you how to get out
Because they're not going to show you the door over there, which is that well, you know have this whole public health thing is a is a hoax
And if this climate change thing is happening, it's happening because of variables far beyond
our contribution to the co2 continent our content of the atmosphere
And that extraordinary realization that you are being governed by mythology is what makes the whole spell go poof
But now the spell is never going to go poof if you tell people that
That the fascism fascists are trying to replace fascism
Or replace democracy with fascism. They're never that's not going to break the spell. That's the plan
That's like going to a woman and saying, you know, I think you're
Your husband's cheating on you, but I don't know
You're never going to really be able to do anything about it because we're never going to catch him and he's a really good liar
And you know, it might not be his fault. It might be the lady's fault
Maybe she'll go away, but we're never going to be able to catch him and
You know
I mean, it's like saying there's a problem, but there's nothing you can do about it is the perfect kind of
It's the perfect kind of message because it kind of brain washes you into into keeping sat in your chair and go, yeah
Get him, robert
Man, i'm glad robert melon speaking up for us
And if they've got it under control, what do I need to do?
I'm just happy that dappy to know that those people are out there boy. That's great
I could never do as much as Jill and robert melon are doing
I mean, I can only keep a horse farm. I can't also tour around the world first-class airplane flights
uh
week-long cruises off the coast of turkey and not tubbing in
Scandinavian countries with my fellow dissidents speaking in the european parliament every year for three years running
I mean, I gotta take care of horses
But i'm sure glad that this guy can do it these guys are all you know, they all the people in the audience here they got vineyards to run
But these guys, you know
Nine foals this year. That's a pretty modest horse farm
Um, I talk about this in many of our writings in the book. Um, we lay out the logic
With detail and citations to establish political science work
There's been a lot of of pollution and obfuscation around this word fascism
Fascism has been weaponized in so many ways that it's difficult now to know what that word actually means
The word weaponized words at words being weaponized has been used so often
It's hard to know what it means
It's all this neuro linguistic programming crap
all this renaming of of an age old mastery of the language of
of the use of language to convince people of things
I
Don't think there's probably more than seven or eight basic methods of how it's done, but most of them revolve around storytelling
Someone just told me a story today. I have a u-turn
in terms of getting somebody to to think about
an alternative
Explanation or an alternative interpretation of reality first
Acknowledging what they say and then offering an alternative and then asking questions to get them there
Something like that
And I have no doubt
that there are
Ways in which we can we can convince one another
And there are people who are just really good at it for intuitive reasons
And that mastery has gone back
Generations, this is not a new trick
the chat gtp finally figured out
And that is again one of these things where when people drop these hints about who they're weaponizing AI
who their weaponizing language who they're weaponizing
social media who weaponized weaponized weaponized
as if it's getting any
Any more special except for the fact that we have completely and totally said
Yeah, sure
I'll read whatever you put on here
As if that's not the biggest dumb choice that we make every day
rather than
What they do with our attention
We say that oh, yeah, it's them it's their fault. You know, I'm supposed to be it's just supposed to be safe
I'm supposed to be for me. You know, it's just for me to communicate my friend's stuff
And in reality you are giving them your full attention and then thinking that they're going to do something ethical with it
with no regulation
Think about how dumb that is how dumb we are
How dumb am I that I've given my kid a set of kids a cell phone
When their attention can be hijacked by social media companies in a heartbeat with one tap
Is it their fault?
Is it the social media companies fault
If you were given the attention of literally millions of humans, what would you do with it?
Find a way to monetize it or use it to make it a better world
There is a group of controllers ladies and gentlemen that has a plan of inverting national sovereignty
into a global system of governance. It's based on
climate change
based on vaccination and public health
and based on the mythology
of this ever
increasing
biotechnology space
That Robert Malone and his wife would like to be the disambiguation wizard in which of
for all eternity
Or at least in the foreseeable future
And I believe that they're taking that role very disingenuously very disingenuously
They're not just humble horse farmers
Like putting on funny uniforms and galloping around
There's something else going on here, and I don't know what it is
But I think we are would be very very wise
Not to trust this man and rude to realize that he is part of a network of people
who has been reassuring and and
assuring
That this narrative of a novel virus that we had to do something that the mRNA saved a lot of people for
And that the virus could come again because this might again been gain a function this whole narrative
Has been succinctly carefully constructed from the very beginning
And the already pre divided pre fractionated United States
and UK whole western society
was used
very cleverly
And the people on the left all around on all throughout the west
We're also on the side of lab leak or natural virus
and all the people in the conservative wings
of both
Europe and the united states and in japan
We're all on the lab leak side
as if that even made any sense
As if your stance on abortion or gay marriage would have any
Bearing on whether you thought this could be a natural virus or a lab leak
It should have had much more to do whether you saw
the peter day sack 60 minutes
When it came out or not
It should have had a lot more to do is whether you read nathan wolf's book or saw his ted talk or not
It shouldn't have been whether or not you like trump. It shouldn't have been whether you're a whole
and
Now you see how they did it
And what robert melon is is slapping them with again
Making sure that that firm divide that everybody's got in their gut
Never heals
Don't let that close up
Make sure that that's contiguous with the rest of this narrative that twist in your gut that rip
Where you either believe that trump's a good guy and got the short end of the stick
Or you think he's the worst example of an american and you have no idea how he cheated his way in but it must have been the russians
That divide in america was so
so beautifully used
And seated
So that everybody on one side of that divide thought natural virus and one side of that divide thought lab leak one side of that virus
Take the shots and give me more. I don't care if it's hot dog juice
And then this side said oh, I don't know. I mean, I'm gonna wait for a second. I mean come on. It's you know, they haven't tested it
We've got to see this for what it is now ladies and gentlemen, we can we have a chance
We have a chance because there's about a year before this
Train comes into the station that it's supposed to stop at
And I have a feeling that some of the people on the train don't have an intention to have the train stop in a year
And so I really need everybody to get excited about what we're going to do over the next six to nine months as we spread this information around
in simple graphic form
There's a new war out there
People are putting little tiny graphic sheets out there trying to teach everybody the basics
But of course they're putting little graphic sheets out there of uh, basic bs
So giggle and biological has work to do
And so what we did in the book is we went back to the original political science definitions of fascism
And the work of bonito mouselini early on
In which he said fascism should really more appropriately be called corporatism
It's the logic that the large corporations are much more capable of governing us than we are of governing ourselves
Okay, that's that is what's being advanced. So corporatism is a is a partnership of government and corporations
When you hear public private partnership
That's a euphemism for corporatism and corporatism is
Fascism as defined by bonito mouselini although fascism often has an element of violence to it. I think that um
And we've heard all this discussion that fascism, you know, you go fascism nazi anti-semitism
Etc the neo-Nazis all of that is garbage. It's it's an overlay that's been created by the media to try to weaponize that
We're just like they've weaponized the term
Anti-vaxxer and so many other of our language elements
They have basically subverted them
Change the meaning and weaponize them against us another one you hear in europe all the time is far right
In europe right now if you do not want open borders you're far right
um
You know the un in their agenda 2030 has in there that migration is
A universal right and that every country has to allow migrants in this hat
This must be something that you guys are sensitive to given where you live right now and close to the border, right?
And and the new the change that's happened today
Um with the title expiring 42. Yeah
Uh
Jill's Jill's emphasizing
That in agenda 2030 it's defined that it is a human right and we've signed off on this by the way
In 2016 with as long as they already passed tense guys the the boat left the dog and and agenda 2030 by the way was signed
By the united states by the president of the united states as an agreement
But in fact if you go over to the un and you read it, it's actually a treaty and it is binding
but
US executive office has been doing this thing for the last 20 years slight of hand where we've not
Bypass the senate senate has to ratify any treaty by treaty by two-thirds of a majority
And they have not done that now. They just say it's an agreement and they sign
So this is those presidential agreements are legally binding right right so they are functionally treaties without calling them treaties
So they don't have to get the senate to ratify them
And they they have signed off on agenda 2030 and as the sheriff probably knows agenda 2030
includes the
Component that it is a basic human right to migrate to live wherever you want to live
And so in having the open border policy
What they're doing is implementing agenda 2030 here in the united states and by the way all through europe
And the budget reconciliation act that was passed last year that big one if you take that and agenda 2030 you will find that they dovetail
legislatively
So it's happening here. We're just not getting told about it. It's not conspiracy crazy talk
We don't go there. Okay, if we can't like for instance, there's a whole group of people that are mad as hell at us
Because we won't endorse the idea that these were kill shots
And the jabs i'm talking about and they were engineered
For depopulation and eugenics. Okay, that's that's a whole theory and a lot of people subscribe to it
We don't go there because we say show us the data. Yeah, show me the artifacts show me
You can absolutely see that
Is not conspiracy crazy talk. We don't go there. Okay, if we can't like for instance
There's a whole group of people that are mad as hell at us
Because we won't endorse the idea that these were kill shots
And the jabs i'm talking about and they were engineered
For depopulation and eugenics. Okay, that's that's a whole theory and a lot of people subscribe to it
We don't go there because we say show us the data. Yeah, show me the artifacts
Show me like you can absolutely see where cloud schwaft how about where
You would know that transfection in healthy humans would be dumb
How about that part?
How about the part where you knew that multiple transfections to any protein never mind
possibly a viral protein
Kodan optimized and pseudo-uridine modified
I don't know. It's pretty easy for me to come up with a reason why you would say that show me the data
You need data?
I don't think I need any data to know that transfecting kids would be dumb
I don't need data and I don't think he needed data either. I think this is him again. Just
basically lying
Because if he can say this as the maker or the inventor
I mean think about how crazy this is. Okay, why if he invented this
23 years before the start of the pandemic if he invented it 23 years ago
And it was 100% safe and great that you could use it on billions of people
Why in the hell hadn't been used on anybody except for people who were dying of cancer
before the pandemic
Why hadn't had been used for anything except for people who were dying
Why wasn't it useful for something
And how could it suddenly become so universally useful that billions of people perhaps millions of children
Could be given this therapeutic
What had changed about it?
Did he really believe that the codon optimization or the chemical modification to pseudo uridine would actually make it safe
Beyond what he as a as a lowly postdoc said was certainly the immune response way back when
This is so frustrating because
Really somebody should be in the in the audience to heckle him
That's bullshit. You knew it's just transfection
What makes it better?
I mean in some respects you could say that putting the original viral sequence would have been the best thing because then you'd most
that the highest chance
of getting a
Reasonably well folded tertiary structure on this protein
I
Mean ladies and gentlemen, do you understand how?
How disturbing this is? I mean keep in mind look look look look
Let's just I don't know. I guess I'm not gonna make it. So I'm gonna keep going
And just screw this
Let's go spike protein 3d crystal
I
Can we find this crystal structure of the spike protein
You've seen a lot of crystal structures of the spike protein. I'm sure you've seen them
I've sure you've seen them
And these pictures that they show
Right
Let's just move this over here for a second pictures that they show
Like this one here
This picture is based on a computer model
The epitopes that that one might choose are based on how this protein is folded
And we don't know how this protein is folded. We have computer models
And we know that if you choose change the amino acid sequence here to code out optimize it
You still will change the way that this is folded, but we don't know how
And we know for sure that if you chemically alter the urad the uracils to make them pseudo urad
You'll also change this three-dimensional structure, but we don't know how
And so all this certain talk it drives me crazy
Because what they're covering up for is that this was known if you transfected people you would give them
endo red
endoplasmic reticulum stress
Endoplasmic reticulum is the organelle in the cell where all the ribosomes sit
if that organelle is stressed
And stressed means molecular stress. It means
It means free radicals around
Then the protein folding doesn't go as well then the protein translation doesn't go as well
It's not as high fidelity and also that it if the folding is not so great
And
So these things are all real they're all real and they all come from
Over expression of a protein driven by foreign RNA
It's just not a system that you can overdrive proteins on without
permanently disregulating it
It's not like you're just adding a few
songs to a jute box
And then they go into the rotation
You are looking at a carefully orchestrated cell
You know with a exact amount of
RNA where it needs to be being digested at exactly the right speed and then replaced at exactly the right speed and now here's
Millions of copies of a foreign RNA
A very foreign RNA millions of copies of it
with a
preponderance of
pseudo-uridine so your
Your your enzymes that would normally you know regulate its presence are kind of turned off by it or something
I don't know what's going to happen to it
But the point is is that in all of that
Regular RNA in that cell is now all
dysregulated because the ribosomes are completely occupied by this flood of incoming RNA
And
So no matter what tissue it's done to the tissue will inevitably have a combination of toxicity from the overexpression of the foreign protein or proteins
toxicity from the presence of the RNA possibly toxicity from the lip and nanoparticle
And eventually an immune response in that responds to the presentation of these proteins on mhc1
On the outside and not being recognized by natural killer cells not being recognized by cytotoxic T cells
But mostly natural killer cells excuse me because that would be
the protein
not being recognized
And then you have cell death then you need neutrophils to mop it up then you need a immune response
So he could have known because it's transfection he could have known because he knows how it works
Could have known because he has all the patents he could have known because he's the one who decided that this
This technology wasn't really worth pursuing
He said it in interviews before
And yet here he is in 2023 painting it as if he had you know, I don't know, I didn't know any more than you did
I didn't know who did this. How can I possibly know who did it?
Well, Robert if an ovio would have gotten the contract who would have who would have done it
So
Talks about the need for prediction and population where bill gates talks about the need for production and population
But I haven't seen the artifacts in which bill gates says we're going to engineer a bioweapon
mRNA based jab in order to compromise fertility by the way they do compromise fertility and men and women
To kill old people and to kill and to kill old people
Because we want to reduce the stress on the social security system
I mean you can weave all kinds of stories, but you were in you were in Hawaii in 2021 telling them to
inoculate the old people
So if it was a plan to kill the old people
I mean, what are you talking about Robert? But agenda 2030 is real
Okay, it is a real document. You can go find it
You can read it and you can see how far away is this from saying that the UN is going to take over the United States
And there's nothing you can do about it
I'm here to tell you that the UN is going to take over the United States and there's nothing you can do about it because fifth generation warfare has no heads
You can't see who's doing it
I mean, that's exactly what they're saying here
That's what they've sold us in May
2023 it's fifth generation warfare. I'm going to speak about it tomorrow
But I spoke about it in in Stockholm, Sweden a year ago
You can't figure out who this is
That's the definition of fifth generation warfare. You can't stop it
And so the UN is going to take over agenda 30 2030 is real
And the melons are here to help you accept it
And to fight on your behalf
to fight on your behalf
Either a lot of the stuff that you're objecting to I suspect if you're since you're here
Um is real. Okay, and just to say
And that this is a created virus is absolutely real that document is clear
Um
So one of the lovely things about being
Read it and you can see that a lot of the stuff that you're objecting to I suspect if you're since you're here
Um is real. Okay
And just to say gain a function and that this is a created virus is absolutely real that document is clear
Yeah, so one of the lovely things about being I mean there's some serious downsides to be so close to dc
Which is the trapping but you guys aren't immune to that either
Um, but uh the culture of dc is deeply corrupted. I mean people people ask me
Oh, don't you want to be involved in this administration or that administration take this business and I'm like hell no
I don't want to live in dc. I have been there done that. I know what that culture is all about. It will rot your soul
Um, I absolutely want nothing to do with it
But one of the good things about being there is we do hear an awful lot
We're surrounded by some of the top conservative leaders in the united states
Live in rapahannic county. Basically. They're all expats from dc in northern, virginia
on their farms and
So we get brought into those circles when we get to hear stuff, which is kind of nice
Yeah, and just to say talking about the foyer documents how we know it is gain a function research is because of tomfenton
And judicial watch and he is amazing and we all need to support that organization. Yeah
Um, so we're members of the council for national policy. We'll be there in a couple of weeks
Um, which tom is basically running current. No, well, he's not running but he's a big part of yeah, um
So, uh, so that's all real the great reset is not a fabricated conspiracy theory
You can buy claus Schwab's book. You can buy his book of a great narrative
that kind of carries that on further
And just to hope i'm not saying things you all already know
Um claus Schwab was not the guy that actually first announced the great reset
Um, it was the current mark of great brit
Okay
He was the one that really first came out with the whole logic of the great reset
He is totally in with the world economic forum
I don't know what's going to happen to gree brit now one of the things that he wanted when I was I was on um
Uh a great gb news the other day with niel all of her for the coronation day
Um, he's asking for the fealty of of the british public
Um that was taken out finally in the end
Yeah, but
So we're I don't I don't really know who's behind all this we've we've got various theories
Is it the cia is at the dot is at the wef is it?
pharma and weaponizing all of the above is at the bank of international settlements and all the world banks
I mean, it's the is it the creature from jekyll island? We would but but to go back but to go back
You got to read the book
So so one of our little red-pilled stories was in
2014 there was a significant outbreak of abola
And we were involved in so I want you to see how how impressive it is that really
I really think that you can see where we are. I don't know how much more we're going to have to study them
Because I think the controllers have realized
That you can announce everything
You can tell people to read
At this stage
I think it would be totally okay for me or robber melon to recommend tragedy and hope
as we required reading for everyone
So that you just know what's going on
So that you can finally accept how you're being governed
And the bottom line is is that there's nothing in this book about viruses
And so there's no reason why you can't tell people to read it
There's nothing in this book about pandemics
Nothing in this book about mRNA or about transfection or transformation
Only thing that's in this book is that you should accept the idea that there are smart people
Who if given the reins of civilization could take us places which we would never take ourselves on our own
And that's really the story that robber melon wants to be a part of because he sees himself as worthy
Of being on that cloud of people that's governing
the ants below
That's what this is all about. These are people auditioning
That's right
These people are auditioning
That's why the current
Stock of presidential candidates is such a joke
Because these people are auditioning
They want to be a part of the show
And they're kind of in the audience, but maybe they're
You know just right in the front row or right on the edges or you know
They got on the steps that leads up to the
the places where the curtain rods and the and the ropes are
And so they're begging to be led on as an extra just give me a chance. I won't screw it up. I promise
And so they're basically allowed to say whatever you want. He's talking about the
The monster at jekyll island or whatever. That's a great story
It's a real story
By a real american hero
Edward griffin
Just like this is a real american story by a real american hero carol quickly
And everybody should read it. It's not light reading
And if I have to be honest with you, I've only read about one third of it because I read
A good chunk and then I stop for a while and I usually start somewhere else
At some point I'll start at the beginning. I did once
But it's an extraordinary tomb
Of information
That all you need to do is look into what you want to find in it and usually there's a reference for it
Usually it's part of the story because this is really a big story
It's for all the marbles ladies and gentlemen believe it or not. We live in the most interesting time in human history
And I don't think that rober melon is the most interesting man in human history
But I do believe that everyone that's currently alive and in the play
is part of
the most interesting time in human history
And so pad yourself on the back for being awake
Pad yourself on the back for being present
In the automobile and not distracted by the really nice leather seats
Or the
unbelievably nice stereo system
Or the walnut lined
You know dashboard
You've been looking out the window and you've seen the poverty you've seen the homeless people
You've seen how bad the road is despite how nice the the shocks are
You've seen the pollution you've seen the lies
That's the biggest part is to see the lies
And that's what we see here
We see people who purport
To be seeing through it purport
To be leading these people through it by dropping these little hints. Yeah, like oh, you know
retreadgity and hope
Part of the reason why you can say retreadgity and hope is because nobody can get it
You want to copy like this one and it'll cost you 500 bucks
And my guess is is the ones that are normal priced are probably edited or something's taken out of them
I've always meant to buy one just to see but then what am I going to do that?
It's for all the marbles ladies and gentlemen it is for all the marbles
So these people are spectacularly committed to the lies
Finding and bringing helping to bring a vaccine now, you know abola in that outbreak
Was not a respiratory virus, which is what everybody was scared of that it had gone respiratory
I once got a call from a buddy who just come out of a pentagon briefing
As I was going to art my client new link who had the vaccine candidate from Canada
That eventually became the murk vaccine he calls me up
I pull off the side of the road pick the cell and he says robert
You have got to get this thing spun up because I've just come out of a secret meeting in the pentagon
And we have a scenario if this thing goes aerosol
We are going to have a billion dead in the united states every in the world
A billion dead in the world so so so for us when there's
A highly lethal respiratory virus, which hasn't come along probably in our lifetimes really
A vaccine is this was not
We have always thought that a vaccine would be an option
But the problem is is you cannot make a vaccine in time
Okay, you just can't you cannot make a safe and effective vaccine. So let me let me go through so in abola
Um, there was already health can had already made a vaccine and they actually had clinical stockpiles
And so it was just a question of getting the clinical trials run reducing the dose finding funding
Which we helped with but we came away going
You know, this is still going to take five years and this product has already developed
How could this ever help in a highly lethal situation?
So when zika came along
We completely changed our thinking and we thought what we need to do is find repurposed drugs that can be
Against the respiratory virus. So in 2016 we started working on repurposed drugs
Mosquito board virus. It was a mosquito board virus. That's right. But um
But again, we had
Absolutely, you know almost no interest from nih
Um hhs, we had some interest for the dod in trying to find something we again voluntarily
I don't understand. Is that what they do? They force farm and whenever they get a phone call
They start looking for stuff to cure diseases
I don't really get it
They didn't have any money
Somebody needed to donate money and before that they couldn't really fight
Or they were using their own money, but they make it like they don't have any money
But what do they do?
What are they doing if they're ready to respond to world diseases all the time? What do they actually do? What is their job?
He's a consultant
I
Consultant for everybody for anybody
Probably on intellectual property a lot
Really, you know wrote papers and and we were all in. I mean we we you know
Ivermectin and hydroxychloricone were two of the drugs, but just to say it
Over over covid
What's been weaponized is those two drugs, but there's about 20 drugs that you can use in covid
It's not just it's a multi drug therapy and um and it works
So so we were all in and then we were further red-pilled against
Childhood vaccines when robert was asked to be an expert witness for did you ever think you'd say why I'd rather let us listen to whitney web
Holy cow for a large
um
Was a blue core case that we can't talk about but when he saw the date he was like
Oh my gosh, and so that's was that ended in 2019 and then covid hit
And we went all in on repurposed drugs and we could not believe we could not understand the government
We we still we still can't understand who the puppet master is who?
So we said because I like working with the dod more than hhs because dod personnel historically
I mean everybody's got their biases about how wicked the dod is
um, but the truth is
the dod bio threat
Was run by fauci
Yeah, um, so
My experience with working with the dod is they tend to be not very interested in high profile academic
publications and getting the nobel prize
Um and building their careers there
But he said in that control interview that he was working for the dod and he liked working for the dod because they could just do stuff
what
What is going on here?
Don't you see this is a medler
And that should concern us
Because his his fingers are in every
Every freedom group
Every freedom movement every freedom conference that'll have him he's there
But he's clearly a liar
He's not a man of integrity. He's a liar
And so what are we doing?
Why aren't we calling this man out? Why aren't we saying that, you know, he's a liar though?
Because now he says he didn't work for the dod, but when he was on paul cotrell's stream
With a soon to be january sixth fugitive
I mean you gotta be kidding me
Or was it after he was a january sixth fugitive? I don't know holy man. This is ridiculous
You're interested in deploying stuff that works for the warfighter
Okay, and so I really I've always preferred to work with dod because they're very results oriented frankly
Now i'm getting attacked all the time because I have this history of working with the dod
Oh, there you go. Do it and why I did it in the past now
They don't want to talk to me because I'm kind of out of them and we talked about all these problems, but um the
Logic of repurposing drugs
I'm sure that's how it works. I'm sure you can just out the dod and they don't do anything. I'm sure they can bet that's how that works
I'm sure that's how that works. He has absolutely no commercial interest
They that that there is that was our takeaway from zika. We created a company
Tried to get it capitalized. We had multiple patents filed for repurposed drugs for use for zika
We had fantastic data and we could get no so what is the what does it mean when you file a patent for the use of repurposed drugs
Are you telling me and I think I smell something very stinky here
Are you telling me
That you can take a combination of repurposed drugs and patent it
Like for example, you take a if you take
Hydroxychloroquine and you combine it with ivermectin could you make that into a patented drug?
Because if you can that is some serious
I think you can do that and I think that's what he's talking about and I think that's a
That's a that's a new stone unturned
Of the absolute bullshit storm that this is I'm going to rewind it absolutely no commercial interest
They that that there is that was our takeaway from zika. We created a company
Tried to get it capitalized. We had multiple patents filed for repurposed drugs for use for zika
We had fantastic data and we could get no funding there is no interest
in commercial development of existing off patent drugs
All this gibber jabber about oh, we're doing this all for humanity and venture philanthropy and all that
They they don't care. They it's absolutely true that they want stuff that they could patent and they can make a mountain of money on
And that includes that includes the nyad researchers who if they have a patent under the bidol act
Which was passed in 1980 the inventors get about 40 of the profit
So all of the government employees
And so now keep in mind and this has been pointed out to me recently
But the patents that robert melon held on the frna technology or his names appear on
Expired like this year or last year
And so when he originally came on the scene
in his desperate
Claim for you know, it's a little credit over here
That came at a time when the patent still kind of existed
and still were kind of in play
And now that they're not in play it seems like his story has changed a little bit
Now it's kind of slimy with people who want patents people aren't even really interested in patents
And they're not really interested in repurposed drugs unless they can patent them
But when I came out two years ago was all about my eight patents
And how my patents mean that I was on the way I did it
It's my technology that's saving millions of people around the world. That's what Jill said
But now people are not interested unless they can have a patent, but I have the patents patents patents
Who are on a patent for MacDurna or Pfizer, you know, they're probably almost billionaires
He used to be that the government employees were prohibited from this
So the the logic was to incentivize academics and academic institutions like the University of California
Which has a huge alameda based patent office
To go ahead and pursue intellectual property because all this IP was being generated within the universities
And it wasn't going anywhere because nobody cared because they couldn't make money off of it
And they put the bidol act in place and they put these incentives
So that the dean of uc san diego or or you know this investigator or that department chair
Gets to make a ton of money on patent
I don't see he's a tonic live in the chat anymore. Maybe he's having a
Having a good date night royalty revenue if something gets invented within
That um organization or in within one of their laboratories. What's this is done?
Is it's transformed academia into basically an arm of the pharmaceutical industry
And it's and it's motivated all of these investigators to be basically chasing patents and chasing revenue
Associated with working with pharma. That's part of why you a lot of us have been perplexed
What happened to academe through this last three years through the covid crisis?
How do they all become so corrupted?
It's I mean, it's very easy to consider the possibility that rubber melon just didn't want to be left behind the train of of of history
And that as he saw the mr&a gets sucked up into the machine and realize what they were going to do and how
Willing they were to
To push it to billions of of arms
He realized well if they're going to do it, then I better raise my hand now and say it's I was part of this or i'll never be able to say it
And
At the time that it was coming out and the hype that it was getting on tv you could imagine a scenario where you would be like
Well, I guess I better say something
And so it's starting to look to me a lot more like these are two pretty ordinary people
Pretty ordinary people with ordinary means
being sucked into doing something that
Is serving a lot of other people more than it serves them which doesn't make them great
But it doesn't make them masterminds either
It's something here to be pitied
There's something to hear to be ashamed of
There's something here to shake your head at but not necessarily to shiver and fear from
Definitely
Something to be annoyed by because
They're not really
The people that they report to be
That much is very certain to me
Going on for a long time. It's just that it's now been revealed
Okay, and and it didn't used to extend to the guvies
But now the government workers have that same deal
Which is why tony fauci is sitting on a mountain of cash right now
Not just making more in salary
He makes more in retirement if he didn't know this he makes more in retirement in his annual salary
Then the president makes for the active sitting president
Okay, it's stunning and that doesn't include his royalty revenue
Okay, he is sitting on a mountain of cash and by the way, they've hired him back as a consultant and given him six
FTE six full-time employees as security and drivers
Okay, so he's driven around dc in in his nice bulletproof SUV at the expense of you guys
Um currently, you know, it's it's not a private party really. He's just another
Gubby that's just retired and then come back to double dip
So that's that's the world of dc and but there's another there's another point to that though and that is it's a little off topic and that is
um
Agenda f I do any of you know about this right?
Trump schedule up schedule up
So another thing we talked about in the book
Yeah, that's third where we talk about what can we do about this? So, um, we have an executive
I'm sorry. What is it senior executive service senior executive service that cannot
In the federal government so you can fire them when you hear steve ban and talk about the administrative state
This is this group of employees and they're large
It's a couple of thousands of people. They actually have their own flag
Yeah, okay. The senior executive service has its own flag at its own badge
Do you hear this? Are you hearing it senior executive service that thing that like
Did like john karaoke told me was nothing was a joke was a nothing burger
That actually I think we also talked about it with regular guy
And that it was a nothing burger like these people can definitely be fired. It's absurd
Like they can definitely be fired because they even have a limited car. It's a ridiculous statement
And they said millions of them
Did you hear it?
Yeah, and they cannot be fired and so what can we do about this? So, um, we have an executive
I'm sorry. What is it senior executive service senior executive service that cannot be fired in the federal government
So you may not when you hear steve ban and talk about the administrative president can't fire a janitor either
What is he taught? What is this? This is this group of employees and they're large
Couple of thousands of people they actually have their own flag a couple million
Then robert malonkorexer and says it's thousands flag
Yeah, okay. The senior executive service has its own flag at its own badge. Yeah. Yeah, and employees and they're large
Couple of thousands of people they actually have their own flag
Yeah, okay. The senior executive service has its own flag at its own badge
Yeah
And they cannot be fired and this this started historically with president mckinley who was
assassinated and um
It was assassinated because somebody that worked on his campaign thought he president mckinley it all started with president mckinley
It all started with president mckinley. Did you hear that mark?
Oh my god
Arch it's a couple of thousands of people. They actually have their own flag
Yeah, okay. The senior executive service has its own flag at its own badge. Yeah, and they cannot be fired
And this this started historically with president mckinley who was assassinated
and um
Somebody
Was going to get an appointment because he worked on the campaign
Stop lying
Assassin senior executive service has its stop lying. Yeah, yeah, and they cannot be fired
And this this started historically with president mckinley who was assassinated
And um
It was assassinated because somebody that worked on his campaign thought he was going to get an appointment because he worked on the campaign
Mckinley didn't give an appointment and so the guy shot him
And so after that after set the federal government said we need
Protection so if the president and the vice president all get killed at the same time that there's continuity
government
So we'll make a class of employees that can't the reason why that's strange is because Charles rixie's great great grandfather
Was the doctor of president mckinley?
That's weird
That's super weird
Be fired so that they'll give continuity
Well, what's happened over time is basically they can do whatever they want they can interpret laws however they want
They run the government. They run the government. Congress does not run the government
The president does not run the government the senior executive service runs again
Yeah, so so trump tried to fire a lot of people and he couldn't
Pissed him off. I know I look like beaker from the from the muppets when i'm staring at them like that
It takes two years
To fire a federal employee of constant dogged fighting in the courts, right?
So so he he came up with schedule f which would reclass all these federal employees as at will put employees
which anybody who works is probably an at will employee and um
It was one of his last acts
And the press in dc went wild about it
How it was gonna and it took him months and months and months to fight off and get it through the court
Get it through the courts and then it was finally gonna prove
It was the first just before the election right and then he lost and then it was the first thing that Biden got rid of soon as he was
Lidgis robermalone off-screws ended schedule left. Yeah. Yeah, so one of the things we absolutely worst camera man
just
As far as i'm concerned the top priority right now is we have to make it illegal for the government to deploy
psychological operations on civilians
Um, here's but another one we've got to do is we have to find some way whether mr
Trump is in the office
Isn't he going to put himself out of business if he advocates for the government to not be able to do
psyops
Or mr. Santas or whomever or maybe body units
um, but
We have got to find a way to break the back of the administrative state and we have got to break the back of this
um
New censorship industrial complex and I don't know quite how we're going to do it
But I know we absolutely have to do it that this this censorship industrial complex is a monster
And here's the thing in the technology that's been developed
Where you ever notice in you know in marketing?
This is really an extension of marketing into warfare
Okay, when they sell you hamburgers, they have and soap suds and all those things
They're really sophisticated about how they do it
They know all kinds of subliminal messaging and other technologies color use of color use of sex
All kinds of things repetitive repetitive is really important repetitive insertion of key words into advertising and into the press and all kinds of things
It's amazing how suggestible you are here's a fun fact
25% of people this has been known for decades 25% of people in anyone population is highly resistant to hypnosis
Into syops about 25% yay, probably a large fraction of use that you're here are in that 25%
Okay, the other 75% are very susceptible. They can be hypnotized
They can be influenced to act in whatever way somebody wants to
The other day I was on with Neil Oliver as I mentioned we were it's the coronation day when we were talking about this
And um in Great Britain they actually have a censorship board just to let you know
We'll come here soon enough
They have a censorship board and I can tell you Great Britain news is scared silly
Of that censorship board. I was told that I could not talk about anything about the vaccines
What I went on GB news the other day with Neil Oliver that wasn't the case a year ago
Okay, and so we had to kind of talk around it and use euphemisms like JP Sears does
um, but uh
Nobody said he plugged JP Sears. Why would he plug him?
Why not Joe Rogan or somebody else? Why did that guy immediately come to mind?
JP Sears is brilliant JP Sears is a brilliant fifth generation warrior
Okay comedy
And and music and art are incredible fifth generation war tools
They're incredible propaganda tools that can be used against you or we can use them against them
Okay, and this has long been known what JP does is brilliant
In terms of psyops, but I made the point with Neil
Because of course in Britain they have the nudge units
And they have the 77th brigade which has been deployed on their citizens
And in the in in GB news and any of these news stations
Um, they are forced to have someone who represents the other side
They cannot broadcast unless they have
Some semblance
Balance where there's somebody that's standing on the other side of an issue advocating for that
So the person on the other side was making the case that well in a democracy in the UK
Basically they have an election every four years and the people seed their authority
To the winning party who is able to act really?
In an autocratic fashion for the next four years
The people seed their authority to this winning political party that can basically do whatever it wants to do for the next four years
And then there's another election. That's the logic that's promoted in the UK
Okay, so four-year period no accountability. They can do what they ever they want to do
My point is if during that four years, they're deploying modern psyops
Psychological warfare technology against the population so that the population is constantly bombarded with corrected information
Now it's going to be AI filtered information that controls everything that you see feel think believe
Your emotions, okay, that's what's in play right now if you're in so social media
You are highly you're in a highly controlled environment
And everything that you think and believe and feel is being manipulated actively in real time
And if that's pretty truthful, that was pretty good actually saying that that's what social media does to you and if you interact with social media
That's where you are. That's pretty good
But he's not telling you that he's part of it
The government is allowed to do that the concept of sovereignty
Of personal agency
That you have as an independent being the ability to make an objective decision about right and wrong or what you want in your government
The policies that you want you no longer have that sovereignty
Everything that you are thinking is being manipulated using the most
cutting edge
Psychological manipulation that's 75% that's susceptible and that's you know when we talk about
The younger generation they are just being bombarded with this messaging all the time and and they have a hard time filtering
Every social media channel is basically
An intelligence operation and and combine that with um the garm agreement, which I think has to be mentioned with this which um is the
um
An agreement. Let's get an example
Conservative media
Now you would think that Mercedes Benz and Porsche would want to sell cars to conservatives
Okay
You would think that Steve Bannon would be inundated
With advertisements and the blaze and why do you think Steve Bannon has to advertise t-shirts hats and water and pillows and pillows
Okay, it's not because he doesn't want to sell Mercedes Benz
Okay, he is Mercedes Benz is literally
prohibited from advertising on conservative sites
Okay, it started with more
You got it. You got to understand it started with an agreement that um advertisers through google and this huge consortium of
Advertising she has a microphone why is she straining her voice like that?
Companies all agreed. They wouldn't allow advertising on porn sites
And then it was violence and then it moved into election misinformation and now it's
Information and now it's basically anything conservative anything conservative and and um they cannot literally if you advertise on a bad site
You can no longer allow to use ad sense and these um
Algorithmic advertisers and if you are an executive at a major us corporation and you donate to conservative causes
That's tracked that's holding think about how all over the place this is think about how wacky of a presentation this is is there
Was there a specific goal in mind? Did they have a specific goal in mind?
Did they get up on this screen or this stage with the idea of getting through
A few points and then when they were done
They would be confident that the people in this room are in this this crowd rather understood stuff
Or is this like an appearance for money
an appearance for donations an appearance for sub stack followers an appearance for
People to believe that these guys are real
If you were trying to save the world it wouldn't sound like this
I'm telling you if you were trying to save the world it wouldn't sound like this
No plans of action just telling you the way it is
No ways out just telling you the way it is
No solutions
No alternatives
No answers
Just telling you how it is. We'll disclose. Okay, and then your esg scores go down when we talk about
When your esg score goes down you cannot get capital
You pay higher rates you're less able to get capital
So this this is integrated at a level if you're not aware of this
This has been being built for decades and clearly this is what makes us anti government is talking about this stuff
Yeah, this is why i'm i'm defined as anti government by the anti-deformation league
Which seems to be mostly about defaming
Um, but that's that is what we're up against is an ecosystem in which all advertising dollars
Are strategically controlled through a blanket agreement that's run through google
Which controls the vast bulk of advertising right now
And when you see that all the media including fox news, which is now the second largest owner of fox news is
Blackrock. Okay, it's no surprise that tuckers out
Okay, and um, so that's that's the ecosystem we're dealing with right now is the government feels that it is
Morally obligated in order to protect democracy to bypass the first amendment
And there is nothing that anyone will do about it
I mean, I keep saying what is the remedy?
When from the lowest level government official, you know from your school boards all the way up to the potus
There is tacit agreement that we absolutely must
Bypass the first amendment. We must control speech
And a free pass it's not just free speech. It's a free press. Okay. Um, that's that's where we're at
And the only remedy that I know of is impeachment
And there's no way that we're going to get an impeachment case brought through
I mean, we've got all this evidence about hunter biden and all of the corruption and all that that's coming out
Do you think there's going to be an impeachment?
Hell no
Okay, there's there's no way that can happen in dc. There's another point
People ask me oh, is there going to be accountability for what's happened over the last three years?
um
Can you imagine a world in which the united states suddenly says oh you caught me?
We actually funded the development of that virus that has exterminated a you know a significant fraction of the world's population
And decimated economies
Can can you imagine what would happen if they owned up to what they've done?
Which the documents from judicial watch and everybody else so many sources now
Demonstrate, you know
For me one of the shocking things was coming to grips with we not might not be the good guys
Okay
And can you imagine what would happen it would destroy the united states?
It would destroy it politically it would destroy it economic. We're not the only bad guys
I mean, that's the truth of it is we have the ccp we have russia. We have the uk
I mean
governments throughout the world now believe that they need to control the citizenship and
basically
treat them like an economic unit and
So we need to get back to personal sovereignty and and this
It's really important
And when when we so podcast different podcasts when people are talking about the book
They're like, well, what's this part about the better future coming?
Right, um, and I insisted that we put that line in because the lies my government told me was such a downer
Uh, it was came it came. It was it was developed by sky verse publishing
Uh, they thought that was the fantastic name that would make it a huge best seller by the way
It's not that much of a best seller, but it's doing okay, but it's not like bobby's book
Um, but i'm not bobby kennedy and neither she um, but uh, um
I really wanted to end on a positive note, but yes
And the positive note was about what can we do about right?
And I think the first thing is the first thing we can do about it in our own lives is community
It's our families our families. Yeah. Yeah
Intentional communities and one of the things you may recall
When I when I did this little podcast with this guy
Rogan um that kind of did break the internet and caused google to lose its bladder control
um, the the
I
Talked about the theories of this friend of mine from belgium named mattias decimate
And I use the term mass formation psychosis now the
Psychology committee hit us on that even though that's an old term and so we've dropped the psychosis mass formation
But it's basically around the preconditions that enabled this hypnosis or control or thought control of people
um, and one of the things that we've observed in this
Bizarre world that we've been traveling for the last three years is communities have faith
What ever religion have been the most resistant to these psyops?
Like for instance, what's the the town up north that has that church that got hammered so bad that we've spoken at Santa Clara
Santa Clara. Yeah. I mean, do you know the story of calvary chapel? Yeah, calvary chapel
um, they they
The stuff that was done. I mean the city council called their
leanholder
and said
They're going to have to default
on their loan because they were going to get a six million dollar fine
And so and so the the bank defaulted based on that phone call they they pulled back the loan
I mean, this is how dirty it is and but what they did was is they hung together as a community
And and they reached out to other members of the calvary chapel world
Which basically all pulled their money and bought the damn thing
um
And yeah, yeah, yeah, but amazing story. We when we went and spoke there with Steve Kirsch
Uh, we heard people coming up to us talking about how you know older people disabled people
That weren't wearing masks that were being dragged out of public spaces
In that county
Um, because they weren't wearing masks if we now know just I know this is going to shock you
Masks don't work
Okay
The data are in that was a lie
Um, and it's hard to figure out why they propagated that lie
The only explanation that i've heard and it's actually in the literature by one of the people that was influencing those decisions
Is that it really was about demonstration of fealty
It was a way to it was not
I argue that a lot of this it was not a demonstration of fealty so much of it
Whereas it was a demonstration of the belief in the mythology
That's what it was
It's a question of do you dare not to wear a mask
Just like on close encounters of the third kind
How did they convince all those people to clear the western half of Wyoming
They killed all the animals with a poison and they left them laying in the fields
And then they said that there was a chemical leak
That a train had wrecked and that everybody had to be evacuated
But of course there was no gas
Of course those people weren't nobody was in danger. Otherwise, why and how come they weren't dying on the way out?
And
That's why they ended up taking their masks off and believing that they could go and then you know
The whole story goes on in that movie because it's the same thing the masks weren't about
showing fealty
They forced people to accept the existence of a novel virus that these people still accept the existence of
And
They're going all the way back to the very beginning of the bamboozlement and they're tasking the wrong questions
With the wrong answers
Masks don't work. Why don't they work because there wasn't any spread
I
Policy of the jabs in the military and the absolute unwillingness to allow
religious exemptions
Was about weeding out the people that weren't going to comply with the things that they are telling them to do
It's been a compliance test. Yeah, and another compliance test is
We get a lot of science conferences a lot of biodefense conferences invites, you know come to this, you know event in DC blah blah blah
You know all this junk mail we get and and you read these invitations and they all and to this day
They say you need to prove that you're vaccinated before you can go to this scientific event
You know, this is a way it's tribalism
It's a way of weeding out people from being able to get the latest data being able to network
You know, they are trying to harm and
Ostracize. Yes. Yeah. Yeah
So, um getting back to stick together the better times ahead
um
People ask what is an intentional community?
Because this is a plan that this is not conspiracy thinking
I mean
Huxley talked about in my mind what they're laying here is the idea that we should make secret networks of people and ignore everybody else
We shouldn't go for unity. We shouldn't try to unite the country under truth. We shouldn't try to expose the lies
We should just try to network locally and and huddle down
And i'm not sure that this is the right solution again because it accepts the lies
Accept all the lies and now organize and do something else separate from them
So america is never going to be won again
And if we accepted that we were all lied to and we've been lied to for a generation
We might be able to become one again
If we accepted that actually racism isn't that big of a problem relative to effort
I
If we accepted that racism isn't that big of a problem with regard to most people's daily lives
relative to effort
I think we might get somewhere
But I don't think we're ever going to go there because that's not where the tv people want us to go
They want us to blame everything on the system and everything on climate change and everything on mother nature
And nothing on our own effort and our own responsibilities
and our own
energies
What we get out of bed to do doesn't matter because the all the other variables that are out of our control are overwhelming
That's what they want you to feel
Fifth generation warfare is exactly that in a nutshell
And
If jpc's is a is a good guy and the other guys are bad guys, and what are you gonna do?
You got to eat
I said to instagram video
You don't stand a chance
don't you see
That's what they want you to believe
So just make a little community and make a little effort to have a little community and don't do anything else
Don't organize any efforts to fight against the lies that include
What these people are telling you about why masks didn't work
And what masks were really all about
Wasn't about compliance ladies and gentlemen. It was about accepting the mystery
Is was about accepting the scooby-doo of this
There's a great video great new world. Yeah of Huxley in the early 70s
No, it was 1958 with mike wallace early
That's the mike wallace interview. Okay in which he's talking about these things like 25% of the population can't be hypnotized
And that's and that the fact that 25% of the population can be readily hypnotized look at this one right here
and
That that's a good thing because governments need to be able to control people
The plans that have been put in place that we have now seen sprung on us have been baked over decades now
And there is no way that we're getting get out of this in the next two years
As far as i'm concerned what we're fighting for is our children's future
Yeah, um and it's and it's whether or not we want our children to live as indentured servants
Or do we want them to live in a free world in which they have personal agency?
They can make their own decisions make their own mistakes and have to live with them
Okay, is that the world or do we want to live in a command economy that is controlled centrally by a group of corporate oligarchs
Um out of europe that that is by the way european union
Leadership is not elected. Okay. That's the world. They want us to live under
When we went to the european parliament just off on that tangent one of the things that was last week last week
Last week we testified in the european parliament on the invitation about half a dozen members of the epu were the dissenters many of which
Were representing former uh, soviet union states like romania. Okay, those those folks
Um have lived under communism. They have lived under marxism. They know what it's about and they believe it's coming back
They're personally they're they're pretty far into hell. No, okay, and um
They're they see it what's happening. But one of the things we learned is those members of the ep they don't do anything
It's even worse than it is here. They don't work
It's their their aides do all the voting for them
One of the things is happening government all over the world in these various administrative states is during covid
They've all been working from home
They have to be the fda is a ghostland. They only just brought half the employees back to the fda. You go to the parking lot is empty
Okay, the reason why is so rachel will insky was actually not down in atlanta working at the cdc
She was up at her home and wherever it was kineticate
Where she had that studio that she was giving all those lovely little presentations to all of us
Um that we all enjoyed so much
But she wasn't actually
Administering she wasn't actually working there a lot of the government has had a three-year vacation
And the same is true in the european parliament. Yeah, so this this this we're we're sitting in a situation
In which some small cluster of individuals
That are it's is not
Conspiracy that are running largely very large corporations or the representatives of very large corporations are
functionally
I'm controlling most of the but but but just but I want to change this topic just a bit
Okay, getting back to the better future. So right now
We have I believe it's 11 million children are being homeschooled
It's about it's a really interesting dynamic when she's there
Isn't it that's just a very different Malone speaking when she just cuts him off
And I want to change this subject a little bit about homeschooling and percent of the population in the united states
Okay, this is a big deal our kids were homeschooled. Yeah, but so so homeschooling
It's teaching children how to use the internet not allowing them to use it all the time not allowing them to have cell phones at an early age
It's getting outdoors. I mean, there's a lot of things we can do
We have to form our own communities and we have to kind of live outside of the government because we don't have any choice
We have to build communities that can perceive you should behave like what the government would call white nationalists
So that way later on you can be classified as a white nationalist in the terrorist
And so go to gab
And register with your personal information at gab so that we can put you on that list and follow me over on my group on telegram
Follow me on that list and then sign up for my sub stack
So that when the government decides to go and make a list of white nationalists
We know you're on it
Disced through the storm that is about to hit us. Yes. Yes
And uh, I'm not sure people ask what is an intentional community a monastery is an intentional community and nunnery is an intentional
Amish or intentional communities traditional religions of faith their intentional communities. We have we have internet
Lots of examples of intentional communities you can form them around
Love of wineries whatever the thing is. I mean, there's there's a there's a lot of ways to build intentional communities
And to exist within those and protect each other
David martin has done a ton of thinking david lives just a few miles from us
In virginia david lives just a few miles from us mark
David martin lives just a few miles from us mark. Did you know that?
About this and about the economics of this we have some if you're going to build intentional communities and think about
This it is a hard problem
Because we're basically how do you imagine a world how far is rixie ville from where robert melon's ranch is this is all a very small
Geographic region of virginia. It's every existed
Like for instance, I was down in in mexico city, which is an amazing place
It's like l.a. In mexico city of flip flop. I when I grew up mexico city was
an
Exhole um and l.a. Was where where all the hip and cool people are now all the hip and cool people are done
And l.a. Is an armpit camera man. It's an amazing turnaround. So we're down there talking to some folks from latin america
And um talking about intentional communities and all the problems that you have to solve in order to build an intentional community because you have to you cannot
exist on barter
Beyond a certain limit
Which the amish recognized, which is why those communities fissure it. What is it 40 40 families? Okay. Um, so
You can't exist straight on barter especially in a space of modern technology and now we're going to be going to a digital currency
Within a few years. Yeah
Which is totally going to tie into the social credit system and their ability to control you just like we saw the pre warning with
um, what happened to Canadian truckers
When Trudeau locked bank accounts
Okay, and basically froze people's access to funds. I have a bunch of people that are up in friends up in toronto. That is
They are living in a totalitarian environment
That it comes out in all kinds of different ways. They're gone
New Zealand is gone
Canada was one without firing a shot
Through infiltration from world economic forum trained young leaders. That is the honest truth
Okay, and that country, you know, I grew up
Canadians a you know and and sensible people very sensible people they are gone and they're busy looking for an escape route
I mean, this is this is a flip-flop remember where we're all the word the liberal
Protesters wanting to move to Canada remember during the war and all that it's all flip-flopped
Okay, they now all want to come down here to the land of the free
She's like his backup rapper, you know, just it says like
Game out
Um, because it's gone. New Zealand is gone
Apparently, Australia had a major election
Turnover because people were so pissed off about the egregious policies that were deployed there about COVID over the last three years
But what we're in a situation in which we're going to have to somehow
Find some way to tunnel through the next three years of sex. I'm sorry next few years
Protect our children protect our own liberties our own ability to exist
And there are some fundamental problems and one of them is tokens
I'm not here to pitch bitcoin
But bitcoin is in in cyber currency
You know for those of you that are probably a lot of you folks are familiar with the cyber currency world
But for me, it's been a learning experience over the last three years to get immersed in that
Um, which we don't own any by the way. Yeah, there's there's two where we're precious smells people. Um, but there's two
There's there's kind of like two main branches here
One is decentralized cyber currency
and one is centralized
Centralized is what they're going to enforce on us. It's absolutely in the works. They're testing it right now through the Fed
Um, the bank of international settlements wants it
And centralized digital currency means that they can trend they can track every single transaction you do
So no more of this
Casual farm labor or get the guy down the street to put up your drywall or whatever
No more, you know every single thing that you buy that pizza box
Is going to be able to be identified with a qr code. Hey ron
We've got just a minute left. We actually out. So do you have any conclusions before we have rob?
She called him rob. Well, I'm just saying I've seen Lynn over here. Yeah, she's waving at us
So so conclusions number one. Thanks
number two sport the unity project
um
The key three key words
Okay, keep these words in your heart
Please
integrity
Dignity
and community
That's what we've lost
And that's what we've got to strive for we have to commit ourselves to integrity
Um, anybody here know who ed doubt is
Okay
I kind of brought ed doubt onto the stage. I met him in Maui
A couple of years ago and he presented to me this document that he had come up with
Together with a guy named tom that is
Basically the building inspector for all of Maui
And they came up with this document. They presented it to Jill and I on my birthday
And they said this is the Malone doctrine and we're like, why did you call it the Malone doctrine?
And they they said well, we've listened to everything you've ever said and wrote and i'm just like oh, i'm so sorry
And this is what's in between the lines of everything that you've written
And what it's all about is integrity. You can find it on our website for meloninstitute.org
And it's about rebuilding integrity and a set of rules for organizations with integrity
And basically what ed posits is a world in which we build these intentional communities
And we only transact with others other corporations, etc
That make a fundamental commitment to integrity
And that includes things like data transparency
all kinds of things having to do with openness
and transparency in everything that you're doing
um, and
I'm with ed. I think that is one of the key things
the dignity part comes um
from a
Time that we spent with what was his name man? Yeah, uh, the uh, the guy who is the
um
wrote the, uh
biblic the, um history of
the cardinal, um
The cardinal turksen, you don't mean for him. No, not cardinal. No, that's arch the archbishop
Jugano
He wrote
Jugano's biography
Right
And he makes the point that that one of the funnel of precepts of the church is respect for human dignity
Traditionally the catholic church, you know, catholic church today is a different thing
but, um, so I argue
integrity
Respect for human dignity
Meaning, I don't care if you collect garbage
Or you're the president of the united states you need to be treated with dignity and respect
Um, and community is that comes from the tis decimals teaching
But community is the thing that broke down that enabled all of this to happen that enabled the mass
Psychosis to happen that enabled this hypnosis that it enabled the syops deployed
And that gets to the point of communities of faith are highly resistant to this
Community is the way we get through this we have to form community. We have to embed our children in community
And have strong relationships and we're done and we're they're covering and and so with that thanks for letting me ramble
I hope that was helpful
I
Ladies and gentlemen, they have changed how we think
They did it over several years about in several decades about pandemic potential
In order with this plan in mind to swap us permanently from having sovereignty over ourselves and our children
To needing permission for everything
This was their plan already for a decade
I'm 99.9 percent sure
These people knew that they had to change our mind about how a respiratory disease could be novel
They knew they had to lie about all cause mortality and exaggerate numbers from zero
They knew they had to lie about our response to an immune
art to a respiratory disease by emphasizing antibodies
And they knew they were doing that because they were going to mislead us about vaccination
That's what this list means
This four-step plan to make sure that you understood as antibodies as primal
and vaccines as the source
And once you understood that and that we didn't know anything about this novel virus
They could institute protocols
And change the way we behaved with one another throughout society
for more than three years running
And no one is still questioning the basis for which all of these changes were made
No one is questioning the biology upon base based upon which
These fundamental ideals were changed
And that's what gigo and biological is all about we're about telling the truth about this graph
telling the truth about why
pneumonia became a killer that it never was in previous years why flu disappeared
And why a PCR test
Without specificity could be used to convert
all cause mortality into a new novel
cause of death
And then by instructing people to respond to that
Identifiable new cause of death with stupid protocols you could actually increase
the all cause mortality
In certain periods where you you you applied these protocols
Now if you want to go so far as to say that something had to be used to do it
Then there are a number of known technologies that are central to our
Understanding and central to our methodologies used to manipulate and study RNA viruses and that is infectious clones
And so without a doubt if there was a way for RNA
to reach
the far corners of the earth
high fidelity copies
The way it happened is with an infectious clone
And why would they have done it?
Because of the plan I said on the last slide because they have a plan
To make sure that we surrender totally our individual sovereignty and enforce a global fundamental inversion from basic human rights to basic granted permissions
Because this is the last time there are going to be this many people on the planet
Please visit me at GigaOMbiological.com or GigaOMbiological or sorry GigaOM.bio
GigaOM.bio is just really a
It's a little it's a little soapbox, which is basically a twitter substitute, but you can speak to me. I can speak to you
Um, I hope this was useful. I hope it was fun my longer than I wanted to. I hope it was a good date night
for mark and Cheryl
And I hope everybody sleeps well tonight. Transfection is immunization and any
intramuscular ingestion of combination of substances to augment the immune system is a dumb idea as well
They are trying to eliminate the control groups of stopped all transfections and humans
Thank you very much for joining me. This has been GigaOMbiological
So
You